- [whistling melody]
All right, kid.
Here you go.
- That one.
- No, no.
No cheating.
- I'm not cheating.
I'm helping.
- Helping?
She's not going to learn
anything if you keep helping.
How you doing?
- [sighs]
- Huh?
All right.
Well, if you can help the kid,
I can help you.
- How?
- Well--
Come here.
Just 'cause
you're the only one
taking the detective test
this year
doesn't mean
you're the only one
that's thought about it.
I've been in many
a study group over the years,
thanks very much.
Ready?
- Yeah.
Ask me a question.
- All right.
What form is needed
when charges are dropped
pending further investigation?
- The RWOC, the Release
Without Charging form,
which has to be approved
and signed
by the watch commander
before submitting.
- Nice.
- See, you're gonna have
to do better than that.
- All right,
challenge accepted.
All right, call goes out,
you respond,
you arrive on scene,
tape is up.
Who's in charge?
- I am.
[tense music]
- [mumbling indistinctly]
♪
- The second I take control
of the crime scene, I own it.
- What's the first piece
of business?
- I get patrol to pull pods
and start the knock and talks,
tell them to be thorough.
Someone had to
have seen something.
My job is to delegate,
give orders,
whatever it takes to
efficiently process the scene.
I stay until
all evidence is collected
and statements documented.
- When you recover evidence,
what's the chain of custody
from crime scene to trial?
- I hand it directly
to the forensic tech
who processes it.
If needed for court,
I transport it
and maintain control until
it's returned or admitted.
- You're gonna be late.
Get your stuff together, kid.
We got to go.
- Wish me luck.
- You don't need it.
- Yeah, I hope you're right.
I got it.
[chuckles]
- Take a breath, take a breath.
- OK.
- You're gonna crush it.
- Thank you.
- Good luck, Mom.
Bye.
- Bye.
[phone ringing]
- I understand how these
tests used to be done,
but I'll be
doing it differently.
- Sir, the detective test
is run the same every year.
There's not much to oversee.
- Like I said,
I'll be doing it differently.
Please give me the names of all
the candidates and supervisors.
- Deputy Chief.
- Officer.
You're in Sergeant Voight's
unit, correct?
- Yes.
- Good luck today.
♪
- When you're on a foot chase
with your partner,
protocol dictates what?
- For officer safety reasons,
my partner must be
within my sight at all times,
and if either one of us lose
a radio during a foot pursuit,
per department regulations,
the chase must be terminated.
- But there are
exceptions, right?
- None that I can think of.
- Good job.
You're all good.
Next is a ride-along.
A detective will be assigned
to shadow you.
Report back here
at 0700 tomorrow.
- And that's it?
That's the final step?
- Yeah.
If you pass,
you get handed your badge,
get assigned back to your unit
as a shiny new detective.
- Hey.
- You drive.
I'll ride shotgun.
- You're the one shadowing me?
- Mm-hmm.
I usually don't do this,
but Deputy Chief Reid
made the request himself.
Let's go.
- How long have you
been detective?
- Seven years.
Worked the whole West Side
before that.
Spent a little time in Gangs.
What about you?
What made you try for the bump?
- There was
an opening on my team.
I felt like it was my time,
and I'd earned a shot.
And, honestly,
nobody else was interested.
- Of course they weren't.
More money means more problems.
A lot of eyes on you
when you become a detective.
Safer to just stay
a line swine.
- Why did make the jump?
- I thought I was gonna
be the exception,
change the whole system, obviously.
- Units in
the eighth district,
we have a victim down
in the 11400 block
of South Ridgewood.
Possible catalytic converter
robbery gone bad.
- Been a lot of those lately.
Good case for you
to cut your teeth on.
- 5021 Eddie.
Working detective detail.
Hold me down. Responding.
- Copy.
5021 Eddie en route.
[tires screeching]
- Where do you need us,
Detective?
Is there a description
of the offender?
Detective?
I'll start setting up
perimeter.
You good with that?
- Ask her.
She's in charge, not me.
Take control.
[dramatic music]
♪
- I want a perimeter set,
three-block radius.
Offenders might
still be in the area.
And start taping off the scene.
Nobody inside that tape
that doesn't belong.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Rodriguez.
- Mm-hmm.
- Pull pods and cams later.
For now, have your people start
canvassing the neighborhood
for witnesses.
Somebody had to have
seen something.
- Copy that.
- Detective.
- Is that the murder weapon?
- Negative.
It belonged to the victim.
I gloved up
and removed it from his hand
in case of cadaveric spasm.
- You ID'd him already?
- Raul Tobias.
He lives here.
- OK.
What else do I need to know?
- Well, according to his wife,
he armed himself
with that pistol,
then confronted
three gang member types
who were stealing
his catalytic converter.
- Gang member types?
- Her words.
They were wearing ski masks.
She said that the shooter
was taller than the other two.
- Offenders have a car?
- Well, if they did,
it was parked out of sight.
- Those things go for,
what, 500?
- Mm-hmm.
- [sighs]
OK, since you were first
on the scene,
I'll have you be the paper car.
Initial report is yours.
I'll write the rest.
And put out a BOLO.
- You got it.
- Where's the wife?
All right.
- I can't believe he's dead.
[sobs]
What am I gonna do?
The kids are getting home
from school in a few hours.
- I'm sorry.
I know that this is so hard,
but I have to ask you
some questions now.
Julia, you told the officer
that there were
three offenders,
that they wore masks,
and that the shooter was tall.
Is there anything else
that you can remember?
- Skin color? Build?
Clothing? Tattoos?
- It happened so fast.
I wasn't-- I--
I'm not good at remembering
stuff like this.
- That's OK.
Just take your time.
Breathe.
- [exhales]
I-- I begged him not to do it.
He wouldn't listen.
And he just--
he grabbed his gun, and--
and said he wasn't
gonna be a victim.
- Julia, did you see
the offenders get into a car?
- No. No.
As soon as the shooting
started, they just--
they just ran away on foot.
- And which way did they run?
- They split up.
And just the one
that was shot, he--
he couldn't keep up.
So he just ran
in the opposite direction.
- Shot?
Your husband fired his gun?
- Yes.
- Stratton,
widen the perimeter.
One of the offenders was shot.
Check for a blood trail.
And put a BOLO out
to all local hospitals.
Anybody being treated
for a GSW,
I want to know about it.
- Copy.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
- I got this from
the knock and talk.
Neighbor heard the commotion,
stepped out,
started filming with his phone.
It's shaky,
doesn't show the shooter,
but it does show one of the
other offenders taking cover.
- Yeah, he's taking cover,
and he's unarmed.
He's not the shooter.
- Right there, you see it?
- He touched the car.
- And he's not wearing gloves.
- Get this to
a forensic tech to enhance.
I'll secure the car for prints.
[phone beeps]
- It's my son.
He's home sick today.
I've got to take it.
You good?
- I got this. Go.
- Hey.
- Thanks.
- No, I don't want to answer
any questions.
I have nothing to tell you.
- Ma'am.
- I want you gone.
- Ma'am,
I am just doing my job.
The sooner I get answers,
the sooner I can leave.
- No, I'm done talking.
I mean it.
You have no right to bother me.
- What's the problem, ma'am?
- The problem is
I want you people
away from my property.
You have no reason to be here.
- OK, see,
we're not trying to bother you,
but we do need your help.
One of your neighbors,
Raul, he was shot.
Do you know him?
- Please, leave me alone.
- I will leave you alone,
but I need you
to answer my questions first.
Did you know Raul?
- No.
Now get away from me.
I don't want you anywhere
near my property.
[tense music]
♪
- Stratton, on me.
Chicago PD!
Stop!
Stratton, put it out.
- All units,
we've got an on-foot pursuit.
Male, gray hoodie.
- He's westbound.
Through the backyard!
- Heading west.
- Copy. We'll
notify units to the area.
- Police!
Stop!
♪
Police! Stop!
There's nowhere to go.
Put your hands
where I can see them.
Hands!
Put them up.
Do it now.
- I'm on your six.
We've got him covered.
- I didn't shoot him.
I swear.
- That's OK.
We can talk it all out later.
For now, keep your hands
where I can see them.
All right?
Cover me.
Hands where I can see 'em.
No! No!
- Ugh!
[horn blares]
- Stop, stop, stop, stop!
5021 Eddie.
I need an ambo the intersection
of 54th and Cornell.
Offender's been struck
by a vehicle.
- Copy, 5021 Eddie.
Ambo en route.
- Perimeter went up fast.
He must have gotten
caught inside of it,
tried to wait us out.
He had his wallet on him.
Name's Carlos Garza, 21.
- Any priors?
- Two cases of petty theft
as a juvenile,
then got popped for a robbery.
Did a year at Cook County.
- OK.
So we have
one offender identified,
two more to go.
- Right.
- What about the print
on the Chevy Malibu?
What?
- Things popped off fast.
I chased him without
getting it processed.
- OK, let's go get it done now.
I don't think
I need to chew you out,
but you realize, right,
it's not your job to chase now.
Let patrol do
the foot pursuits.
Delegate.
Your job is to maintain
the crime scene.
- Weldon, there was a car here.
Where did it go?
- Owner took it
about 10 minutes ago.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- You let the Owner take it?
- Yeah, why?
What's going on?
- Hey, Weldon.
- [sighs]
I've got the plate.
We can track down
the owner now, get the print.
- Vehicle left the crime scene.
Means even if we do
track it down,
chain of custody was broken.
Offender can claim he touched
it somewhere other than here.
- Right. OK.
Well, we can still get an ID,
admissible or not.
5021 Eddie,
I need to run a plate.
John-58-1-Sam-91.
- Burgess, you ever think
this detective thing
ain't meant to be?
- Read the room, Macabee.
Do you have something?
- Yeah, I've got a few partials
off the rear panel.
Had one of my guys ran to the
station for AFIS processing,
but I'm still waiting.
- OK.
- Scared the hell out of me
when the cops showed up.
If I had known, I would have
just left my car there.
I'm sorry.
- Don't be.
Not your fault.
- Oh, OK.
We got it.
- They got a hit.
- It's coming back
to a Jorgé Reyes.
- Priors?
- Yeah.
He got popped for possession
with intent to sell,
and there's an
investigative note attached.
It says intelligence
flagged him as an associate
of Rafael Perez.
- Who's Perez?
- Hey, Macabee.
- We worked him in CTO
a few months back.
He's dead now, but he was
responsible for most of
the heroin on the West Side.
- Deputy Chief Reid,
asking for an update,
says press is all over this.
- One of our guys, they went
under in Perez's operation
and indexed most of
the peripheral players.
We head back to my district,
we loop my unit in,
then we dig into
Carlos and Jorgé.
- Jorgé would roll into
the body shop once a week.
He was a mid-level player
for Rafael Perez,
ran a couple of corner boys.
- OK, so what's he doing
now in the world
of catalytic converter theft?
- Yeah, so I talked to his CI.
Told me that
after Perez was killed
the gang that took over
Los Arucos,
they refused to work with
any of Perez's men.
The leader's name is Zibata.
That's all anyone knows.
- OK.
What about Jorgé's
social media,
phone, financials?
- No social media,
no bank accounts, no vehicles
registered to Jorgé, nothing.
- Even less on Carlos.
Both guys seems to be
cash-and-carry types.
- OK,
we got Jorgé's address ID?
- Not officially,
but I traced him to a house
in South Lawndale.
A woman with a kid let him in.
I wrote it was his wife, Maria.
- So grab him up.
- Can't.
Car with the print went mobile,
so it's not admissible.
I could bluff him,
but it's a risk.
He might never give up
the shooter.
- What do you think?
- Let's sit on him
in his house.
We hope he shows his hand
or leads us
straight to the shooter.
Can I get the team support?
- Anything you need.
- Adam, you're with us.
Dante, Kiana,
you two keep digging in.
Let's see if we can ID
the shooter through Carlos
and Jorgé's known associates.
[train rumbling]
- It's been a while
since I did this.
I have to admit,
I don't miss it.
- I'm used to it.
- What's the longest
you sat on an offender?
- Two days, during a heat wave
in a van with no A/C.
- I can top that.
Three days in a blizzard
with no heat,
and a partner who spent
the entire time
hitting on me even though
I was three months pregnant.
- Did he know that?
- Yeah.
Said he thought it was sexy.
[phone buzzing]
- You win.
- Deputy Chief Reid,
asking for another update.
- That's a lot of check-ins.
Is he always like that?
- No idea.
I've only dealt with him
a few times so far.
Do you know him well?
- No.
Why?
- He seems
real interested in you,
requested me to shadow you.
He's never done that before.
No superior has.
- It might be you
that he's interested in.
- Where are you going?
- I've got to get some answers.
[both speaking Spanish]
- Oh.
Gracias.
Neighbor said Jorgé took off
an hour ago with another guy.
Red truck, no make.
- It's a Nissan.
Come on, we've got to go.
- What? What's going on?
- Radio call just went out.
There's been another rip.
Two guys matching
our offender's description,
driving a red Nissan truck.
- Adam, stay on the house.
We're headed to a call,
might be related.
- All right, will do.
[tires squealing]
[tires screeching]
[tense music]
- Hey, Chicago PD.
What's your name?
- Henry.
- Henry, who did this?
- Two guys in masks
hit me in the head.
- They in a red truck?
- Yeah, they had a cover
over the bed, had no plates.
- OK, I'm moving him.
OK.
- Anything else?
- Nope.
- OK.
♪
- Adam, tell me
you have signs of movement.
- No, nothing yet.
Yeah, no sign of
the red pickup truck either.
What about over there?
You guys got pods?
You got footage
of the offenders fleeing?
- No, the street doesn't
have any coverage,
nothing from
the walk and talks,
and Henry had to be sedated.
- OK, all right.
Well, you've got a description
on the red pickup truck.
That's going to be enough
circumstantial evidence
to get a warrant on Jorgé,
so that's good.
That's good.
It's going to help.
- But this all
could have been prevented
if I hadn't messed up
with the print.
- Hey, you can't know that.
You've got to stop
beating yourself up.
Get out of your head.
Kim.
You're fine.
You're very good at your job.
You know that.
You've got this.
OK?
Do you hear me?
- Yeah.
Just let me know
if there's movement.
- Let's go.
- OK, we have all
of Jorgé's texts, emails,
financials coming through.
His phone's off,
so is his wife's.
- Got Jorgé's texts.
The last 24 hours,
Jorgé only texted his wife.
- Something we can chase?
- Yeah, yeah.
Yesterday, he texted,
"Babe, O messed up.
"I'm gonna go to Carm's.
I love you."
- "O messed up," has to be
the nickname of the shooter.
- Makes sense.
It was sent about
an hour after Raul was shot.
- But who the hell is Carm?
- I don't know.
It doesn't match anyone
in his known associates.
- Kim, I got movement.
- Go ahead.
- Jorgé's wife just showed up,
kid in tow.
Just walked inside.
- OK, hold anchor.
Don't approach.
Kiana, what do you have
on the wife?
- Maria.
She was popped a month ago
for misdemeanor petty theft,
stealing baby formula.
Didn't show up for arraignment,
so there's a bench warrant out.
- Perfect.
We use that.
We use it as leverage.
Either she cooperates
or we take her kid.
- Hey, wait.
Um, there's got to be
a better way.
She stole baby formula
to feed her kid.
We press her with that,
it won't work.
- I think it will.
- Would it work
on you with your kid?
- [sighs]
Kim, how long
have you been police?
- 13 years.
- Then you should know
the politics behind the badge
when you see it.
That's what's happening here.
For some reason
that I don't know,
Deputy Chief Reid
is all over this,
over you, over me.
So we need to close
this case fast.
- OK, OK, it doesn't mean
there still isn't a better way.
- Sure.
Can you think of one right now?
'Cause if you can't,
we're gonna take the play
that's right in front
of our eyes.
[tense music]
♪
[knocking]
Chicago PD.
Open up.
[knocking]
Maria, CPD.
- What's going on?
- We're looking for Jorgé.
- He's not here.
He went to Mexico
a few days ago.
He went to visit his mother.
- OK, please don't do that.
Please don't start out
with a lie to us.
Where is he?
- I just told you.
He's in Mexico.
- OK, here you go.
We have an arrest warrant
with your name on it...
- [crying]
- What?
- Which means
that we can arrest you.
- Stay right there.
- What's going on?
No, I-- I called the court.
I told them
I couldn't get to court
because my kid was sick.
What are you talking about?
- Hey, I need you to stay--
- Get your hands off me!
- OK, we're clear.
He's not here.
- I told you that.
- Yeah.
He's in Mexico, right?
- We have your text.
We know he told you
that O messed up,
and he was laying low
at Carm's.
Who is O?
Who is Carm?
- I don't know.
I told you he's in Mexico.
- [crying]
- Give me the baby.
Maria.
- [crying]
- It's OK. It's OK.
- Turn around.
You're under arrest.
- Mommy!
My Mommy!
- I know.
- It's OK, baby.
- It's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
- My Mommy!
- It's OK.
- I want to see my kid.
- You're not gonna see
your kid.
- Let me see--
- Then talk to us.
Where the hell is Jorgé?
Who's O?
Who's Carm?
Come on, Maria.
You need me to spell it out
for you more?
You need to talk right now.
Things will get better
if you talk.
- Bitch, I'm not saying
a damn word to you.
- Yes, you will.
Because the only thing standing
between you getting full charge
and spending months in jail
and your kid going
to DCFS is us.
- Lawyer.
- Maria.
Don't protect Jorgé here.
OK?
Protect your son,
because we just need
a tiny piece of it, right?
Who's O?
- Screw you.
- We can make you this offer.
All right?
- You can't use me.
- We're not using you.
I'm asking you
to think of your son.
- I am.
But you want me to be
something that I'm not.
It's not happening.
My husband,
he's done everything
in his power to make sure that
me and my son are provided for.
♪
I will never make
a deal with you.
- He's going straight to DCFS.
Don't make a decision
you're gonna regret.
- Lawyer.
- Maria,
this is your only shot.
Your kid's only shot.
- Get me a goddamn lawyer.
♪
I know my rights.
I want a lawyer now.
- Suarez.
♪
- OK, obviously, that
didn't go the way we wanted.
What are our options?
- We've got a TAC team still
sitting on Jorgé's house.
Maybe if he doesn't hear
from Maria, he'll swing by.
- Hey, I might have something.
I kept running the name Carm,
and there's a motel
a half a mile from Jorgé's
house named Carmelita's.
- That feels like a reach.
- I thought the same thing.
But then I looked through
Maria's financials,
and apparently,
two years ago, her and Jorgé
stayed there
for five weeks prior
to renting the house
in South Lawndale.
- Yes.
Clerk recognized
Jorgé's picture,
said another guy
rented the room,
but Jorgé was definitely there.
- Good.
That's good.
Must be the shooter.
Get a name?
- No, man paid in cash.
Clerk doesn't ask questions
when the money's straight.
Room 17, second floor.
- No eyes on the red truck.
- No.
Clerk said the guy left in it
about 20 minutes ago,
but Jorgé will
definitely be there.
You knock.
I'll cover.
[tense music]
♪
- [knocking]
- Who is it?
[both speaking Spanish]
- Chicago PD!
[glass shattering]
- Hey, hands where
we can see them.
- Do it now!
- Hey, come on.
- Hey!
Hands!
Hands behind
your back right now!
Hey!
Hands behind your back!
Stay there.
Don't move.
- OK, that looks good.
- Thanks.
- Relax.
Relax.
Just checking in
on all the shadows.
Heard you got the shooter.
- No, sir.
We got one of the offenders.
The shooter
is still in the wind.
- We're close, boss.
- OK.
What can I do to help?
That's not a trick question.
You can only be as good
as your superiors train
and allow you to be.
What do you need
to get this thing closed?
- We're good, sir.
We are.
We are just going
to press Jorgé.
We're going to ID
and arrest the shooter.
- OK.
Reach out if either
of you need anything.
I mean that.
- Look, I don't know what you
think I did, but you're wrong.
- OK, before you keep lying,
you should know
that we have Maria
and your son in custody.
- For what?
They didn't do anything.
- Mm,
that's a matter of opinion.
And ours can be changed
if you cooperate.
Who's this O character
and where is he?
- We saw the text
that you sent Maria.
It makes her complicit.
- OK.
What the hell does that mean?
- It means that Maria
is on the hook for everything
you did, Jorgé.
I know that you've been trying
to provide for your family,
that things dried up
when Perez got killed,
and you took an opportunity,
but you took a bad one.
What I'm offering you
here is a good one.
I'm offering you a deal.
- I ain't a snitch.
- I get it. I do.
But I also think that
you're not a bad husband,
and you're not a bad father.
You comply, you cooperate,
we can offer you
a lighter sentence, a deal--
a deal where you get
to see your wife,
and you get to see your kid,
and they get to stay together.
- I want it in writing.
- Jorgé, Maria protected you.
She had your back.
Have hers.
- O is Octavio Lopez.
- Where is he?
- I don't know.
I don't.
I know where he's heading.
All right?
He's going to go rip off
Sammy and use Sammy's money
to get out of the country.
- Who's Sammy?
- Sammy's the guy who buys the
catalytic converters off of us.
Octavio, he wanted me to help,
but Sammy was
always good to us.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Adam, when we land, you both
go in and scout the place.
We'll stay wide and set up
east of the location.
- Yes, ma'am.
♪
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Red truck, no plates.
- See it.
[tires squealing]
[dramatic music]
- Adam, we are in pursuit.
We've got a possible
for Octavio.
- Kim, do you want us
to roll backup?
- No, it might not be him.
Continue to the shop.
- Copy.
♪
[tense music]
- Bodies.
- I got you.
♪
- They're gone.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[horn blares]
[tires screeching]
- Chicago PD!
Drop you weapon!
[gunshots]
5021 Eddie.
10-1, 10-1.
Shots fired at the police.
We're pinned down, unable to
return fire due to civilians.
[gunshot]
- 5021 Eddie.
- He's empty.
Move! Move!
♪
Clear the truck!
I've got him!
♪
- 5021 Eddie,
now in foot pursuit.
Southbound Karlov on Monroe.
- Copy that.
All units, 5021 Eddie
is in foot pursuit
of shots fired offender.
Heading southbound on
Karlov from Monroe.
- He ran down one
of these gangways.
- OK.
- I'll take this one.
You clear the other.
- No, we don't split.
It's way too risky.
- Clear that side.
That's an order.
Let's go!
♪
- Chicago PD!
Stop where you are!
5021 Eddie.
Offender headed up a fire
escape of a brick building
at the end of a south gangway.
- Copy that, 5021 Eddie.
Responding units, keep the
air clear unless emergent.
♪
- Ya!
[both grunting]
[gunshot]
- Ahh!
[gasping]
- Kim!
Kim!
You good?
[tense music]
♪
Everything check out?
- Yeah,
it's all just superficial.
- Hey, Kim.
You OK?
What the hell happened?
- I'm fine.
- We were in pursuit.
Offender tried to get her gun,
but Kim got one off--
one to the chest.
He's dead.
- What?
You didn't have an angle?
You couldn't fire?
- Opportunity wasn't there.
- Can you give us a minute?
Is that all
really what happened?
Why wasn't she covering you?
- Well, I mean,
the offender ran.
He could have gone either way.
And then we--
we both made
the decision to split up.
We had no other choice.
- So what do you want
for covering me?
I sign you off as a detective?
I assign you back
to Intelligence?
I owe you a favor.
- You think that I covered
for you because I want payback?
[scoffs]
I covered for you because
I don't believe
in blowing up a fellow cop--
not for a mistake you made
in the heat of the moment.
- It wasn't a mistake made
I made a bad call because
Reid has been on my ass.
- I know that.
- He's been testing
his detectives.
Apparently, it's what he does.
He already fired two of them.
One was less than two years
from retirement.
I let that stress mess me up.
- Yeah, I know.
I get it.
It still doesn't change
why I covered for you.
[groans]
- God.
You're just like I was.
You're lucky I'm assigning you
back to Intelligence.
You're too nice and noble
to go anywhere else.
- What do you mean, I'm lucky?
What do you mean?
Do you not want to send me
back to Intelligence?
I just told you,
I don't want a favor.
- Well--
- No, don't do that to me.
I'm not lying to you,
so don't lie to me.
What's your honest opinion?
- Look, your unit's a unicorn.
You're a good cop.
You're active.
You're aggressive
when you need to be.
You don't forget
you have a heart.
You're good.
But all of your instincts
are of a patrol officer
with a sergeant
who protects your ass.
Voight makes sure
you're bubble wrapped
from politics, from chiefs,
from delegates, from the suck.
The truth is,
that's half this job.
- OK, so what would
your decision be?
- I owe you a favor.
- I don't want one.
- Fine.
My decision would be you
don't go back to Intelligence.
I don't think
you're ready for that.
You should go to Area Central.
You'll learn the rest there,
what it means to play the game.
It'll make you
a better detective.
- No. No.
- It's six months
with Area Central,
then I make the push
to come back here.
- She can't do that.
You passed all of the tests.
OK? Who cares
what Suarez is saying?
Just take the favor.
- No.
- Yes.
Kim, it's one opinion
from one cop.
You play the game.
- No, it's done.
She recommends
I go to Area Central.
That's where I'm gonna go.
- You belong here though.
You belong here, with me,
where we can have eyes
on each other.
- Adam.
- Just talk to Voight.
It doesn't have to be a favor.
- I made the choice.
I'm not changing
who I am for a title.
OK?
- [exhales]
OK. OK.
I get it.
[indistinct chatter]
- There she is.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Good work today.
Made my decision easy.
- I'm sorry.
What decision?
- It's my decision where
detectives are assigned.
I appreciate
Suarez's evaluation,
but I'm assigning you back
to Intelligence as a detective.
♪
- No, Deputy Reid, I don't
want any special treatment.
- Well, as I said,
I assign my detectives,
and I assigned you here.
So welcome back
to Intelligence.
♪
Congratulations, Detective.
- What the hell was that?
Did you ask him to do that?
- No.
- Why would he do that?
- I don't know.
But I know nothing's ever free.
♪
- Paper is done.
- [sighs]
- Need anything else?
- No, I'm good.
Appreciate the help.
- Yeah, of course.
Hey, did Jorgé say anything
else about the-- the crew
that took over for Perez?
It was Arucos, right?
- Right.
No, he said the same thing
as Ruzek's CI.
Someone new was calling
the shots,
goes by the name Zibata.
Why?
- No.
No reason.
I just thought
I heard the name somewhere.
[tense music]
♪
[wolf howls]